com/example/rickandmorty/di/GlideOptions.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.di.GlideOptions
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/rickandmorty/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/rickandmorty/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.BuildConfig
com/example/rickandmorty/di/GlideRequests.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.di.GlideRequests
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/FragmentCharacterDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.FragmentCharacterDetailBindingImpl
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedRequestManagerFactory.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedRequestManagerFactory
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/FragmentSearchCharacterBindingImpl.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.FragmentSearchCharacterBindingImpl
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl
com/example/rickandmorty/di/GlideApp.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.di.GlideApp
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/FragmentSearchCharacterBinding.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.FragmentSearchCharacterBinding
com/example/rickandmorty/di/GlideRequest.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.di.GlideRequest
com/example/rickandmorty/BR.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.BR
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/FragmentCharacterDetailBinding.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.FragmentCharacterDetailBinding
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/ItemNetworkStateBinding.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.ItemNetworkStateBinding
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/DialogErrorBinding.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.DialogErrorBinding
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/ItemCharacterBindingImpl.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.ItemCharacterBindingImpl
com/example/rickandmorty/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.example.rickandmorty.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/rickandmorty/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.rickandmorty.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.rickandmorty.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/FragmentCharactersBinding.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.FragmentCharactersBinding
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/ItemCharacterBinding.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.ItemCharacterBinding
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/DialogErrorBindingImpl.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.DialogErrorBindingImpl
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/FragmentCharactersBindingImpl.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.FragmentCharactersBindingImpl
com/example/rickandmorty/databinding/ItemNetworkStateBindingImpl.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.databinding.ItemNetworkStateBindingImpl
com/example/rickandmorty/local/dao/CharacterDao_Impl.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.local.dao.CharacterDao_Impl
 com.example.rickandmorty.local.dao.CharacterDao_Impl$1
 com.example.rickandmorty.local.dao.CharacterDao_Impl$2
 com.example.rickandmorty.local.dao.CharacterDao_Impl$3
 com.example.rickandmorty.local.dao.CharacterDao_Impl$4
com/example/rickandmorty/local/RickAndMortyOffline_Impl.java
 com.example.rickandmorty.local.RickAndMortyOffline_Impl
 com.example.rickandmorty.local.RickAndMortyOffline_Impl$1
